feat: social sign-in troubleshooting (#1337)
ory/docs: docs/troubleshooting/01_oidc-redirect-url-cname.mdx

Unable to complete OpenID Connect flow because the OpenID Provider returned error "redirect_uri_mismatch": The redirect_uri MUST match the registered callback URL for this application.
```

:::info

> Please note that with new project's a different step is required to fix this problem. See the
> [Troubleshooting Social Sign-in](./troubleshooting-social-sign-in) guide for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get this error in projects created after September 2022, read
[Troubleshooting social sign-in integrations) for more information.
```
